Our team worked together on a DBMS group project where we developed a travel management and booking system BookMyTrip. Using technologies like React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MySQL, Axios, Bootstrap, and Material UI, we created a practical platform for travel operations. Our project focused on essential features like user authentication, profile management, and booking functionalities. We aimed to provide users with a straightforward and efficient solution for planning and managing as well as booking their trips. We would like to acknowledge the guidance and support provided by our professors, Dr. Ravi Bhandari Sir and Dr. Prasun Tripathi Sir, which enabled us to work on this project and gain valuable experience.
Contributions: 
The Backend(with database) and Frontend of Flight Search page, Checkout page, Complete Payment page, Ticket Download; View Added Booking page in User Profile; Holiday Package Search page, Trains Search page, Bus Search Page with redirecting and the backend of Add Booking Page is done by Ayaan Himani.
The Backend(with database) and Frontend of authentication (Login, Register), Protected Routes; My Bookings page in User Profile is done by Jayesh Belsare.
The Hotel Search page, and Intercity Search page with redirecting and the design of Holiday Package Search page, Trains Search page, Bus Search Page is done by Om Patel.
The logos of the Website and the Flight_Ticket and the frontend of Add Booking Page form is done by Rohit Pani. 
Also the Backend(with database) and Frontend of User Profile is done by Jayesh Belsare and Ayaan Himani.